README.md, before:

# TI Graphing Calculator-Related Format HexFiend Template[s]
Version 2.0
Template set by LogicalJoe

`TI.tcl` is the main template; it includes all avaliable files as needed.
The `BAZIC/` directory contains files relating to TI-BASIC detokenization.

These templates are primarily designed for TI-Z80 calculators:
Files with extensions `.(8[23x56]|73)*` are generally assumed to work.

Files for 68K models (`.89*`, `.9[2x]*`, and `.v2*`) are WIP.

## Installation

HexFiend is avaliable [here](https://github.com/HexFiend/HexFiend).

1. Open Hexfiend's Binary Template browser (Views>Binary Templates).
2. Select "Open Templates Folder" from the Template list.
3. Copy this folder or clone the project to the folder that is opened.
4. Select `TI` from HexFiend's template list to use it if it is not automatically selected when loading a file.

Note: If this added multiple templates to your template list,
HexFiend must be updated to a version >= 1.17.

## Other stuff

August 26, 2023 - First public release

June 16, 2023 - Version 2.0

January 8, 2023 - First private release

Commit message:

Add TSE shell header, add ROM checksum/hash algorithms, fix TI-81 tokens

README.md, after:

# TI Graphing Calculator-Related Format HexFiend Template[s]
Version 2.0
Template set by LogicalJoe

`TI.tcl` is the main template; it includes all avaliable files as needed.
The `BAZIC/` directory contains files relating to TI-BASIC detokenization.
`TI ROM checksum.tcl` contains algorithms used to verify each of TI's ROMs.

These templates are primarily designed for TI-Z80 calculators:
Files with extensions `.(8[23x56]|73)*` are generally assumed to work.

Files for 68K models (`.89*`, `.9[2x]*`, and `.v2*`) are WIP.

## Installation

HexFiend is avaliable [here](https://github.com/HexFiend/HexFiend).

1. Open Hexfiend's Binary Template browser (Views>Binary Templates).
2. Select "Open Templates Folder" from the Template list.
3. Copy this folder or clone the project to the folder that is opened.
4. Select `TI` from HexFiend's template list to use it if it is not automatically selected when loading a file.

Note: If this added multiple templates to your template list,
HexFiend must be updated to a version >= 1.17.

## Other stuff

August 26, 2023 - First public release

June 16, 2023 - Version 2.0

January 8, 2023 - First private release
